Write a draft spec for eyedropper-input (#67)
mozilla/explainers: eyedropper-input.md

Whenever the `eyedropper` attribute is added or removed, if the element's `type` attribute is in the [Color](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#color-state-%28type%3Dcolor%29) state, the user agent must run [update a color well control color](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#update-a-color-well-control-color) for the element.

IDL:

```
partial interface HTMLInputElement {
  [CEReactions, Reflect] attribute boolean eyeDropper;
};
```

### Rendering

#### The input element as an eye dropper control

An `input` element whose `type` attribute is in the [Color](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#color-state-%28type%3Dcolor%29) state and has an `eyedropper` attribute specified, is [expected](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#expected) to depict a color well, which, when activated, provides the user with an eye dropper to allow selecting a color from the screen.

> Issue:
> What should the button contain? An "eye dropper" icon would be good, but also showing the selected color. Further, it should be possible to customize (at least with `appearance: base`).

## Incubation and/or standardization destination

> Incubation could in a whatwg/html PR, standardization in WHATWG HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incubation should be in a whatwg/html PR, for standardization in WHATWG HTML.
```
